Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Ahhhhh
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Did I get you up?
Bah
Even a mere Xiao family wife can't be killed
I also lost the elite money and blood position
The family has raised you for so many years, have you gone to eat shit?
Deceive the top ten young people
Don't blame the butler
It's all entertainment, that wimp
Relying on deception
Pulled a bunch of people to give him the platform
Murong Lan for entertainment
Xiurong King
Huo Jingliang was all deceived by him
This trash has that ability
Well, I underestimated him.
The eldest young master sued him
The forces behind have already formed the climate.
sister
Even Qianlong can't suppress their local snakes
Ah, you can ask Master Xiao to give me a chance.
Let me attend this king's feast
That kid relied on the Xiao family
And the atmosphere of the Wuwei people
His crimes will definitely be reported at the game
Completely hide in his backstage
I want him to die without a burial
That's not a bad idea.
accurate
Trust my sister Xiao Dazhao
Ouch.
This is actually the most prestigious golden invitation letter
Hahaha
What is a golden invitation?
My Xiao family is the first family in the imperial capital
A mere bronze and silver invitation letter
How can we match our status and status?
To put it bluntly, Xiao Chen's beast is just a danger in the dangerous world
At the king's banquet
My Xiao family wants to put Wu Weijun's thighs on it.
From now on stand on the top of the world
Seven Eyes, who have not fallen for thousands of years, witnessed the Xiao family set foot on the peak
It's really the honor of my Lin Shuoyang, haha.
It's over. It's over.
Xiao Chen, this beast, not only wasted his time
I'm still waiting for the Lin family head
The Xiao family's pursuit and killing also fell on our heads
Until the king is over
I have to pay for this beast
Nonsense, your whole family is trash
The Liu family wants to live
Just look
Can you take this last chance?